Did you find out her identity?
Nope.
Keep checking
Yes
The emperor drinks a sip of tea to relieve fatigue
Yo, the emperor is not satisfied with this tea
Every day.
Can't have a little thought
Heart
Minion stupid
Please also ask the emperor to express
Why did you choke on it?
Drink soda
I know how to find you
Who in the palace can make something called soda?
Reward
soda
slave respect decree
Remember
It's a big deal.
Wait for this batch of soda to sell
I can add another batch to my little vault.
My empress only takes your things because she looks up to you.
Don't be ignorant
Stop! What are you doing?
Empress, they want to preempt the Duan Yan given to you by the emperor
A cold palace abandoned concubine dares to call herself empress
I'll tell you what.
My master
She is Qin Guiren, who was personally ordained by the Holy Emperor
Hand over the inkstone
Otherwise, I want you to look good.
Where did the dog thing dare to come to me to be wild